/*****************************************************************
 * SquirrelMail 1.2.0                                            *
 * The "And I Still Have Not Wrapped My Wife's Presents" Release *
 * December 25, 2001                                             *
 *****************************************************************/

The past year has been anything but uneventful for SquirrelMail. 
This year has seen two leadership changes, the release of the 1.0
series, the 1.1 development series, and finally the much awaited
1.2.0 release.

Being one of the most popular webmail clients, the developers of
SquirrelMail feel a huge desire to continue pusing the envelope and
making their product better and better.  You won't be disappointed
with this release, as it is by far the most feature rich, and yet it
is still the same sleak and unbloated app that we have all grown to
love.  Here is an uncomplete list of new features since the last
stable release.

  * The Paginator! - This enables quick access to any page in the
          message list by simply choosing the page number to view
          rather than tediously clicking "next" 50 times.
  * Hundreds of UI tweaks - The user interface has been given a
          facelift. The HTML has been largely overhauled, and while
          it still has the same general feel, it has been made more
          intuative.
  * Drafts - It is now possible to compose a message and save it to
          be sent at a later date with the drafts option.
  * Collapsable Folders - The folder list can be collapsed at any
          parent folder. This makes folder lists with large
          heirarchital structures much easier to manage and navigate.
  * New Options Page - The options page has been completely
          rewritten for several reasons, the main of which was to
          allow seamless integration of plugin options and to
          provide uniformity throughout the entire section.
  * Multiple Identities - It is now possible to create different
          identities (home, work, school) that can be chosen upon
          sending.  Each identity can have its own email address,
          full name, and signature.
  * Reply Citations - Different types of citations are now possible
          when replying to messages.
  * Better Attachment Handling - The plugin, attachment_common, has
          been fully integrated into the core of SquirrelMail.  This
          allows inline viewing of several different types of
          attachments.
  * Integration of Several Plugins - The following plugins have been
          put directly into the core.  As a result, be sure not to
          install these as plugins, as the result may be
          unpredictable: attachment_common, paginator,
          printer_friendly, xmailer, sqclock, priority.
  * Improved support for newer versions of PHP.  Note that you may
          have trouble if you are running PHP version 4.0.100
          (commonly distributed with Debian 3.0).
  * Ablity to mark messages as read and unread from the message listing.
  * Alternating Colors - The message list now alternates row colors
          by default.  This presents a much cleaner and easier to
          read interface to the user.

Aside from these obvious front end features, there are hundreds of
bugs that have been fixed, and much of the code has been optomized
and/or rewritten.  This stable release is far superior in all
aspects to all previous versions of SquirrelMail.

   Home Page:    http://www.squirrelmail.org/
   Download:     http://www.squirrelmail.org/download.php
   ScreenShots:  http://www.squirrelmail.org/screenshots.php

Where are we going from here? Good progress is already being made on
the Great SquirrelMail Rewrite, also known as the 1.3 branch which
will eventually be called 2.0. Paul has put a lot of effort into
reorganizing the development team into different teams that have
different roles. The purpose in doing this is to keep developers on
track and have to provide some semblance of order.  This project has
grown so large in the past two years that an orderly structure is
necessary if anything is to get done.  The teams are as follows:

   Stable Series Team:      Maintains the stable series
   Development Series Team: Works on the development series
   i18n Team:               Handles i18n work
   Plugin Team:             Manages the mass of plugins
   User Support Team:       Helps users with their problems
   Documentation Team:      Manages the documentation
   Evangelism Team:         Spreads the good news of SquirrelMail

For the next few weeks, the developers will be working on bugfixing
and making the 1.2 series rock solid.  After that, about mid
January, they will start focusing solely on the rewrite.

                  Have a Merry Christmas!
                  Happy SquirrelMailing!
                    - The SquirrelMail Project Team
