SquirrelMail
http://www.squirrelmail.org

Introduction:
-------------
SquirrelMail is a standards-based webmail package written in PHP4. It
includes built-in pure PHP support for the IMAP and SMTP protocols, and all
pages render in pure HTML 4.0 (with no Javascript) for maximum compatibility
across browsers. It has very few requirements and is very easy to configure
and install. SquirrelMail has all the functionality you would want from an
email client, including strong MIME support, address books, and folder
manipulation.  

Why did you guys create SquirrelMail?  The need arose in our organization
for the access of email and address books from anywhere in the world.
Obviously a web interface is ideal for this, given that the user has access
to the Internet.  After reviewing several open source projects, we realized
that we were going to need to do some fairly major customizations to get
things to be a nice fit for our needs.  So the decision was made to create
our own for some of these reasons, and for fun (we really like PHP4).  We
decided to open source the project to contribute to the community that has
contributed so much to us.  Since then, it has grown much bigger than we
ever imagined, and we have an awesome development team who are actively
working on the project.

We would love to hear from you!  The nature of open source projects make it
hard to know who all is using your product.  It is always nice when we get
emails from people just telling us that they're using SquirrelMail.  If you
have a few minutes, please send us an email to let us know!  You can send it
to our mailing list:  squirrelmail-users@sourceforge.net

You can also go to the page below and fill out a small form to get listed
with the list of people already using SquirrelMail (free advertising).

     http://www.squirrelmail.org/feedback.php

Contact:
--------
It is pretty easy to get in contact with the developers if you need help or
if you find bugs that need to be reported.  The best way to contact us would
be through our mailing list which is actively monitored.
   
   squirrelmail-users@sourceforge.net

NOTE: you need to be subscribed to this mailinglist to be able to post to it!
Please visit our web page (http://www.squirrelmail.org) and go to the section
titled "Mailing Lists".

Installation:
-------------
For detailed instructions on how to install SquirrelMail on your server,
please refer to the INSTALL document in the same directory as this document.

Licensing: 
----------
This product is distributed under the GPL.  Please read through the file
COPYING for more information about our license.
